Update linux-broker-py.md (#128)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-for-python: msal-python-conceptual/advanced/linux-broker-py.md

    https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient
    ```

1. To use the broker, you will need to install the broker-related packages in addition to the core MSAL from PyPI:

    ```python

>    pip install "msal[broker]>=1.33.0b1,<2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pip install "msal[broker]>=1.33.0b1,<2"
```

Looks like the line needs one more space to meet the indentation of the "```".

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >If broker-related packages are not installed and you will try to use the authentication broker, you will get an error: `ImportError: You need to install dependency by: pip install "msal[broker]>=1.31,<2"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>If broker-related packages are not installed and you will try to use the authentication broker, you will get an error: `ImportError: You need to install dependency by: pip install "msal[broker]>=1.xx,<2"`.

<!--
This one is an error message whose content happens to be changing based on platform. The doc shall just use a placeholder that is good enough.
-->
```

This one is an error message whose content happens to be changing based on platform. The doc shall just use a placeholder that is good enough.

(Note that I am also adding such an explanation as a comment into the doc source, so that future editors will know why the usage of placeholder "1.xx" here is appropriate.)
